The course is a very difficult thing to add opposed to an objection to a question asked
by a number of this subcommittee.
However, the question asked by a distinguished senator from Mark and Saul was illicit from this
witness indirectly, information that he has not permitted to use directly.
And that year with him pinned your phone that the President showed directly that his
radicals have to call up to the attention of the committee.
And Mr. Adams and all families to all parties concerned.
I fear that it might involve any answer Mr. Adams gave to that question.
Might involve Mr. Adams, a vision evaluation of the directive that was issued by the President
this morning.
I'm waiting for an answer.
Mr. Chairman, I have from the chair of the view of Mr. Jenkins and had he not spoken
with us that the same thing unless graceful and less coaching.
Thank you.
Mr. Jenkins is correct and that I have somewhat dissapelled to the idea of ensuring the documents
that it before and instructing the witness that in my opinion, he ought not to answer.
The witness does follow the instruction of the council and defines the answer on the
ground that it might be valid for the directive under which he has now operated and testifying.
Thank you.
That's my opinion, sir.
That's your opinion also, sir.
Then if you opinion for veils and the advice of your council for veils and the committee
and the interpretation of the council of this committee, correct, then it's impossible
for this committee for lack of testimony because testimony is seen with health.
The testimony is seen with health.
The testimony where the final responsibility lies to the action that was taken after
it anywhere is the 21st.
Is that correct?
I want to hear.
Could that be read, sir?
Yes, sir.
Question.
Then if you opinion for veils and the advice of your council for veils and his interpretation
and the interpretation of the council of this committee is correct, then it is impossible
for this committee for lack of testimony because testimony is being with health to determine
where the final responsibility lies for the action that was taken on January 21.
Is that correct?
On January 21 and following January 21.
I just don't think I can answer this question.
I'm not sure what I'm trying to determine is and I think we're invited to know it without
going into details.
What's the responsibility shift from the second day of the Army, from the date of that conference
to the higher level of thought?
By the way, who must take the responsibility for the action that's been taken to the second day of the Army
with respect to this controversial sense that 21st day is January 28th, I level conference.
I don't want to blame the second day of the war if he's not the blame, if he's unknowledge
and the more I want to blame you for not answering the question.
So you don't know this.
So what's the end of that?
I think the last time I was very respectful, I feel that in my own and the letter from the President
can consist of instructions for dining on violate and that's just because I cannot take some
directors who might have already made and they are on the record for the committee's reads
but nothing can be added to it as far as I can.
I understand if I haven't had time to read the study just directly for the time to understand
if two youths from the other didn't want to occur down there at the conference.
I'm not asking you now what occurred down there, what was said, who gave orders, who didn't give orders.
I'm simply trying to determine whether the second day of the Army and you under his orders and directions.
Whether you two are now responsible for what may have occurred in connection with this conference
or since January 24th when I had ever come from to sell.
If you were carrying out orders, the second day of carrying out orders from higher authority,
you must be absolved from any blame.
I'm trying to determine whether the response to this is a delay and you tell me you take tell
of that other selected.
I have interposed but there's very few objections to any question asked by a member of this committee.
Mr. Adams isn't a doubt time hammer this morning.
He has a mother which has come to him through proper channels from the President of the United States directing him to the load
nothing to occur in the conference of January 21st.
My distinguished friend, Arkansas, is now asking him for a result of that conference of January 21st.
The question being whether or not since the conference of January 21st be in the secretary
were responsible or some other authority in the second day of the French of the government who was responsible.
This chairman I call a committed attention to the fact that that was elicit from this witness a fact
and a fact that was naturally flowed from that conference of January 21st and does that extend with the valid use of that of the presidential direction of this morning.
That's then the McClellan is the life objection I shall have interposed with respect to that question.
But I do want to make my position clear with respect to that matter.
I do not think under the circumstances that it is a proper question.
I do not think that Mr. Adams can properly answer that question unless he valid the instructions he has received from the highest executive officer of the land this morning.
Mr. Chairman, I'm going to ask the question.
Well, may be objective to it or may not get answered.
The witness may be a fact officer for him not to answer the question.
But I'm going to try as I started out with him in the beginning of the year in place to its responsibility where it goes.
Mr. Barnes, in support of the possible commitment to get approved, I say to you now Mr. Chairman, if we are for the committed ones to be left in the November of not knowing, for the second phase responsible for the actions taken after that date,
or whether the responsibility is that a higher level than we are never able to complete the discharge of our responsibility when this is proceeding.
I ask you again Mr. Adams, the simple questions from that date on were you operating the UN Secretary operating under the directions of higher authority or were you making the decisions upon your own responsibility in your respective positions.
I used to make use of that to if you like.
But the record will simply show that this committee is unable to.
I'm not asking what occurs down there that day.
I'm not asking anything that said any advice that is given I'm simply asking from that day on.
Were you acting on your own or were you acting on the orders from higher sources?
No, the committee is invited to know that just a simple yes or no.
May I confer a moment to your council.
The chair has been passed upon the objection raised first by our council.
May the chair say that he chair is completely pointed to express by the council.
He recognized as also the right and center to make our own to propound the question.
The chair seems to be sure that it's wise to be with us.
Although he has able counsel to do that.
He has the directive.
The chair is not going to insist that he's violent to directive.
And chair believes answering the question would not violate the directive.
But if the witness is less conviled it is responsibility not that of the committee of the chair.
Chairman, I believe that I must respectfully decline the answer and to state that I see that I am bound by the directive of the president of the United States.
And to state further that I believe that the conclusion that I would have to draw for Senator McClellan in answering his questions will be violated of the spirit of the directive.
So there is another question in the ministry of this violated.
Did you act on your own responsibility?
You and Secretary Steven Fry have been aware that when it first in the decisions and actions you do.
How many years there are negotiations prior to January 20th, where it is strictly within the responsibility of the Army.
Responsibility of the Secretary you get, sir.
Thereafter you decline the slave proposals of this directive.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir. I was respectfully declined to answer, sir.
Chairman, I'm sorry.
Secretary, the Fourth Secretary starts questioning our other senators to go there.
Let's return to our studios to cost the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
This week, three good-of-the-style, team size, cash flow, and comfortable stoppers with frames of luxury and fat pounds are on sale from $179.
With effect, one piece in the spring mattress was pre-built for it and your choice from many rich tropical prints.
This week, from $179,000, delivered for only $179.000 madty fence down, sold only at cash flow.
The duration of the Army will cost the country to permit which to the power of the government is presenting every day.
The journalists will show beyond that 11 candidates are on to the power of steps.
Under his constitutional authority, to refrain from giving information, that may be requested by the Congress from time to time,
that would interfere with the efficient and proper operation of the executive branch of the government.
But I do believe, however, that in this situation, we have before us the fact that the Secretary of the Army,
in his testimony as my memory serves me correctly, did make reference from time to time to conversation and discuss it.
But he had with other people in the executive branch who were not necessarily principle to this conference.
I think very clearly, that the Rennart power as a court, we would say that the President,
named Deputy President, has waved his right to object in so far as it relates to this specific subject matter.
I am fully aware, however, that it is entirely within the discretion of the President of the United States under the Constitution,
to withhold this information if he so desire.
I conscientiously believe, Mr. Chairman, that he may not be using his discretion widely in this situation.
I believe it's fair to say that the principle to this controversy should have been directed,
not to give this information prior to their taking the witness debt.
It seems rather unique that we get this letter of what is the date, May 17th today, when we're well along in the hearing.
I think that any such directive should have been issued at the outset.
It seems manifestly unfair to me, and I believe it may be manifestly unfair to all the principles of this controversy,
including Mr. Adams and the Secretary of the Army, not to be able to tell the whole story when part of the story is in the record.
The Committee, the NADLMR, passing on testimony that is incomplete, I think that by may humbly submit that the executive branch is doing a great injustice to this Committee and to all of the principles of this controversy by exercising the
power which the President has very late in the proceedings.
I think it's difficult to explain to the American people why it is necessary to invoke constitutional rights.
At a stage of the proceedings where, according to the directive, the constitutional rights of the President have already been invaded,
without any objection until a certain incident got a lot of publicity.
I assume, Mr. Chairman, that it would be impossible for me to put any questions that Mr. Adams and he could answer.
I think there should be someone from the executive branch, maybe the Secretary of Defense to explain why this letter was issued on May 17th, and not prior to the hearing.
I hope that will not be confused as an invasion of the President's right to withhold information he deemed appropriate to the running of his France of the government, I deeply respect the right of the President on the doctrine of separation of powers to do that which has been outlined in the long series of precedents that date, I believe, from Washington.
I believe that this is a compromise, but I do sincerely believe that there has been a bad abuse of that discretion in this situation.
I think it may result in more injustice than it will in 80, any constitutional doctrine that the President finds necessary to invoke at this time.
I'll take that with not a question directly to the list, but I do believe that I can ask this question, but I'm not going to take up any more time.
I do believe, Mr. Chairman, that the record should be made clear on this point.
I am careful of the injustices that will inevitably fall from this situation.
Senator Potter, Mr. Chairman, this controversy runs headlong and who that is far-light stone of the separation of powers between the electoral defense of the government, the executive branch.
It has been a controversial issue to all our history, to where the, to whether it's an invasion of the executive branch, by the legislative branch of our government, whether the executive branch is the Henryd and the function, the coup function of the legislative branch of power.
I have a question, controversy that's under consideration now, that runs into that twilight zone headlong.
I feel that as a congressional committee who would have no right, for example, to the committee and member of the President of the Cabinet and have him review the law, but to place new capricities, the conversations to place.
I don't know whether Mr. Chairman, the pilot meeting that took place, that the opposition of the Attorney General falls next category or not, that's something that will have to be decided, I assume, in one of our executive sessions.
I do feel that the committee has every right to know whether the statement to make public the documents now known as the Fundamental Law to the Order of the Defense was done in behalf of the Secretary of Army, Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams,
we too, principal on that side of the controversy, or whether there was wreckage from a higher level, I, what he wished, who had the Secretary of Army and Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, the Council for the Army used a slipping boys, then they were ordered to carry out a procedure that was to responsibility of the High Act.
I think that the very serious conversation that we have to make, and I hope that we can continue from the hearing this morning without trying into that wildlife zone or forcing the witness to make decisions which,
the most difficult way to make when he has an order signed by the President on one hand and he's under those two challenges for this committee on the other, makes a position most important.
I think that the committee is going to treat the witnesses more well we should make our own decisions as to what we can put questions or proper questions that he can answer without violation of the law of the Chief Executive.
That's all. Take it, that was not a question. Chair, I'm sure you hope that at least after this first ten minute round that my colleagues will once again repraise from these long comments and engage only in questioning the witnesses because otherwise we're going to continue these hearings in terminologies.
Here, I can recognize that he can control the situation. He can simply endeavor to persuade his colleagues to defend.
That's understanding. I'll revive the staff and come here.
Mr. Chairman and the letter that I've now read briefly from the President, it says throughout our history, the President, that was held information.
Whenever he found that what was thought was confidential or it's disclosure would be incompatible with the public interest or jeopardize the safety of the nation.
Mr. Chairman, this is a grave world and those of fundamental words.
I'd like to say here that I have great respect for the problems of the President of the United States and also for him personally.
I'm just Adam. I'd like to ask you two questions which I trust are in order and if they're not, why then, objection can be made as you say.
The first question is, why did you bring up these names voluntarily in your testimony?
There are no instructions that I could not bring them up.
And the second question is, is anybody in the conference on January 21st know that you know that you were going to bring these names up?
I'll go back to it.
With all due difference to this thing we senator from Missouri, Mr. Adams is now being asked a question which would elicit,
certainly some information, some fact, with reference to the meeting with the executive, officers of January 21st.
He's being asked now whether or not they knew or any member, President News that he was the chair of this little mention their names and getting his testimony before this committee.
That would elicit from Mr. Adams a fact that occurred at that conference and I respectfully suggest Mr. Chairman that it is an improper question in that it would require Mr. Adams to impinge upon the presidential direction of this name.
Well, this chair of the Civil War of the Distraughting Hearing has been an opportunity to get to know this distinguished son of Tennessee and if that's the way he feels about it, I will withdraw the question.
I would like to say however, I deeply respect the chairman's position. I trust he will practice what he preach about making talks and I would like to point out to him that if these names had not been voluntarily brought up by the witness, this subject would have never been dwell on it all.
Now, Mr. Adams, I have some questions here that I would like to ask but respect the loyalty for you boards.
As I understand your testimony, the Army had no objections to the subcommittee investigating acts of grab or any personal dishonesty on the part of members of the loyalty of you boards boards of the Army.
Is that correct? No, we could not serve object to interrogating individuals about matters of that sort. What did you object to on the occasion when this developed?
The indication to me was that this was just the first, the first increment of the entire loyalty board and as I have testified before, the matter had been rather a subsurface problem which I had reached to believe might sooner or later become a different police issue.
And when these individuals were called and I was told that they were to be interrogated on January 19th, I think the date was or sometime they were about to, I instructed the members of the board that if they received the penis, I did not instruct them not to go.
And I instructed all the members of the board, I don't isolate the state exactly. That is special meeting. If they received the penis, they would make contact with me because I, yes, didn't know whether or not they would have to respond.
And my plan was to accompany any of them to any interrogation so that I could instruct them and as to what matters under existing regulations in order they might not answer.
But when they called, came to me on the morning of the 19th asking for these names, I did not transmit the request to the five or six individuals who were involved but I think myself.
And it was during the afternoon when they were supposed to appear that Senator McCarthy first made me aware of the fact that he wished to interrogate these people along the drafts and corruption in their personal discharge of their official duties.
I did not change my opinion of the fact that the still remain that the first increment of the 25 or 6 who probably would be called within the next few weeks and it was for that reason that I undertook to establish a position.
Does that suppose that anyone has the regulatory information relating to the honesty of a member of the lawyer review board? What does the Army think he should do with that information?
Do you mean supposing one civil servant has the regulatory information about another civil servant?
May I repeat the question and would you answer it instead of asking me, well sir, I don't know who you need by someone. That's three, can I ask you the question?
I will change it and say anyone. I don't believe I did change it. Suppose anyone, if I did, I thought I'd say. Suppose anyone has the regulatory information relating to the honesty of a member of the lawyer review board, what does the Army think that he, anyone should do with that information?
Bring it to the attention of the Army. How? Well, if he is a member of the Army, by member and into his superior, if he is outside of the Army by communicating to the secretary of the Army or to a responsible official of the Army.
My next question is, if you received any such the regulatory information about a member of a lawyer review board, or if it would receive in your office, what would you do?
I would bring it immediately to the attention of the security division of G2 who is the Army, which I had occasion to do on one or two occasions in the last six months.
Is it then the Army's opinion that the responsibility to see that all members of the lawyer review board are honorable and honest men and so conduct themselves lies with the Army and the Department of Defense?
Yes sir. To whom are the members of the lawyer review board accountable?
Further performance as members of the lawyer review board serve a arch-accountable to the secretary of the Army.
Would you agree that the only way in which the lawyer review board can retain their independence and who justice the person's concern is to have them specifically responsible to someone?
They definitely say. As anyone who is communicating to the Army, any derogatory information relating to grants or dishonest acts on a part of any members of the lawyer review board in question, and if so, who and when?
What reference to the individuals to whom we have referred earlier in this hearing has Mr. X.
Subsequent to the time that he was interrogated, the transcript of the executive session of a concerned question financiers was given to the Army by the subcommittee.
Was there any grant or dishonesty or any dishonesty including grants that was all it from that to my recollection sir no?
If there is anything in error with respect to your last answer, would you check that and let us know?
I think I very recently read the testimony with reference to that individual and his interrogation was directed towards his association, not grant interruption, but whether or not he had association with people of a common meaning.
Now if there is any such derogatory information on him or on anyone else, on a voilely review board, what would the Army have done?
Well, I can't speak for the Army prior to October 1st sir, but when I was there, since I had been there, which is about seven months, although there is no announcement,
it is very strongly, he is a very strongly held opinion by the official who is responsible these including selecting panels and selecting physical participation in the loyal labor board that immediately on receipt of derogatory information, either of a loyal security nature or having to build a track and a direction.
The individual should be immediately taken from the loyal labor board and if the judges are of the serious nature, he also is extremely good.